shit shit shit shit smoke you smoke your
phone hey what is going on guys exotic
hearing today have a really cool that
you guys on the map Warhawk I wish you
need to do for this glitches you need to
come to this part of the map from here
you won't have your friend I've jumped
you on top of that sign right there and
you want to be standing on top of this
barrel and if you don't know how to
knife jump all you have to do is have
the health or double friendly fire
enabled and a teammate behind you to
knife you and from there what you want
to do is you all have your teammate
knife you at the same time as you jump
and what's gonna happen is you're going
to land on top of this sign once you
land on top of this sign you're going to
regenerate your health and from there
you want to do another knife jump so the
same thing as before and have them knife
you at the same time as you jump and I
do fail the first time here but the
second time I do get it and what will
happen is your land on top of the roof
from there you can run around on the
roofs and explore some of the areas up
there and you can also land out of the
map in a very small part but anyways
that is pretty much as video guys I hope
you do enjoy it was found by my friend
cod flaws so leave his channel link down
the description to make sure you go
check it out and subscribe so like I
said that's pretty much of his video
guys I hope you enjoy and if so please
drop a like a comment and subscribe and
I'll see you guys next time put me on
that do you know my flow a1 hey wanna
leave now if the girl is awesome i'll
ever guarantee that we go wind up
and I thought it from the bottom mother
hit the top so another boy and that
stopped their game II know it's got it
down and you wanna make up makeup then
you wanna because I'm bigger bigger
bigger bigger now you wanna make up make
up now you wanna make a fun oh no no no
you wanna make up make up now you wanna
make it cuz I'm jumping up in a second
then you wanna make up make up there my
head high in my eyes low and I'm that
guy in them dimes know when I hit the
target with a fly